in case you don't know yet since June
2019 it is legal in Germany to write so
called gurus aka electric scooters on
the streets which is great news for me
because I'm a huge fan of electric
vehicles but everything I built on my
own so far has never been legal to ride
on the streets so I immediately started
searching for East gouta on Amazon but
sadly all relatively cheap ones were not
ROH beagle and the legal ones started at
a price of around 400 to 500 euros which
was a bit too pricey for my tastes
thankfully though I found a discounter
East gouta from idea which you can also
directly order from the magazine on
websites it is called the East guta
Street one which can drive with speeds
of up to 20 kilometers per hour
and up to range of 12 kilometers at a
price of only 279 euro so needless to
say I ordered one of those and in this
video I will not only go for tests right
with its and tell you my personal
opinion about it but I will also try to
upgrade some of its let's say a price
related not optimal electrical features
let's get started
[Music]
this video is sponsored by jl CPCB who
produce high quality PCBs for a rather
low price I've been using the service
for years and I can surely recommend it
so why not upload yokubou files today
and get your own professionally made
PCBs within a week after receiving the
East guta I obviously opened up its box
in order to take out the manual with the
operating license a box filled with
accessories and finally the East guta
itself at this point though the scooter
was not ready a for legal ride on the
streets because I still had to attach
the handles a bell a front light as well
as a front reflector and finally a back
lights and after than ordering a proper
insurance for the scooter adding the
insurance number plates to the back of
it and charging the scooter completely
up with the given power supply it was
finally time for the first test rides so
I started my Geo Tracker app and
basically just drove around with the
scooter in my town to get a good feeling
for it
I tried all kinds of different terrains
and also how the scooter performs uphill
and downhill and after around one hour
of driving the battery was empty and I
was able to achieve a travel distance of
12 kilometers at the maximum speeds of
18 kilometers per hour so it's most
important test results are not that far
it's given product description and why
not I'll enjoy driving this East guru I
still have to address some problems the
first one is that why the metal frame of
the scooter is truly sturdy and the
hinge design is simple and effective I
have to say that some kind of shock
absorber would have been nice if you're
driving on small rocks it might not be
such a problem but as soon as you hit
cobbles or something similar your whole
body as well as the scooter will
shake there was even so much shaking
that my front lights got loose and I
even lost my back light on the way back
of course that is a mechanical problem
that I'm not able to fix in this video
but I wanted to tell you anyway because
I think it is rather important now when
it comes to electrical upgrades they are
basically four of them which come to
mind which includes the scooters maximum
speeds its range it's required charge up
time and finally the fact that the front
and back light use their own little
batteries so let's see how much we can
improve those problems that means it was
time to remove the lids of the
electronics compartments which required
removing a couple of screws and also
cutting the warranty seal because as it
would expect my modifications will not
only destroy the warranty of the scooter
but also probably it's tweet leader
status
but anyway next I took off the lids
which reveals the battery pack as well
as the motor controller now I do have to
say that the mounting and wiring was
very neatly done but since I need access
to pretty much all wires later on I
pretty much had to destroy this nice
setup so first off let's talk about the
maximum speeds which I measured to be
around 18 kilometers per hour and which
dropped over time as the voltage of the
battery pack decreased as you might
already have guests thus the voltage of
the battery pack directly determine how
fast a bill DC motor can spin which
means by increasing the voltage we
should get a higher speeds but the
problem I noticed was that even while
going downhill with the scooter this
beat was limited to 18 km/h which
probably means that the controller
limits the motors rpm according to the
German law and thus the voltage of the
utilized battery pack could be enough to
already get a higher end speeds to prove
this theory I firstly measured the
maximum up
of the hub motor while using the
original electronics which turned out to
be around 3200 nexts I disconnected the
motor wires as well as the power wires
of the battery and instead hooked them
up to this via ESC after configuring the
motor through the VSC software and
telling the V ESC to spin the motor as
fast as possible with the power of the
battery pack
I measured an RPM of around 3200 as well
that was quite a surprise for me because
that means that the motor is
specifically designed to achieve 18 km/h
with the given voltage of the battery
pack and only increasing the supply
voltage
Wood leads to higher speeds above 18
km/h but since getting a higher voltage
battery pack and using a new motor
controller would be quite a hassle I
decided to not alter the maximum speeds
next is the range which turned out to be
around 12 kilometers with the given
battery pack that comes with an energy
of around 158 watt hours - for example
top of the range we would simply need a
battery pack we've double the energy but
that would of course mean we would
require more space in the electronics
compartment which we do not have so I
came up with another plan for which I
use the decent DC jack and a proper
switch that can handle a bit of current
what I did was creating two holes in the
side of the electronics box which was
easier said than done and then
connecting the battery pack motor
controller and DC Jack to the switch
according to this wiring diagram after
then using two component adhesive to
secure the extra components to the box
my small range extender modification was
completes now in switch position 1d
poles and battery pack powers everything
like usual but in position two you can
hook up an external battery pack
through the DC input jack this is useful
for me since I got this spare electric
skateboard battery pack laying around
for quite awhile by simply adding a wire
to it with a suitable plac I can place
it inside a backpack and thus use it to
power the scooter in emergency
situations and with that being said it
was time for the charge up time which
according to my stopwatch required
around 3 hours and 15 minutes that is no
wonder though because the battery pack
has a capacity of 4.4 amp hours and the
power supply can only deliver a maximum
constant current of 1.5 amps by doing a
bit of math we can see that the charging
process should take around 3 hours but
can't we just increase the maximum
constant current to shorten the charging
time to find that out I had to open up
the battery pack in order to find out
that the utilized cells where h18 650cc
which can handle a charging current of
2.1 5 amps that means since this is a 10
s2p pack we can charge it with a maximum
of 4 point 3 amps at 42 volts such
chargers too kind of exists but if you
want to be on the safe side you can also
use a suitable lab bench power supply
with current limiting feature for the
last upgrade I wanted to get rid of the
external batteries used by the front and
back lights so I soldered wires to the
battery terminals in order to determine
how much voltage and current each one
requires with those values in minds I
calculated a suitable resistor network
for each lamp and created them in order
to hook them up and test whether the
lights would function correctly with the
high battery voltage which they did so I
drilled holes in both lamps through
which I fed a wire which I soldered to
the electronics then I'd worlds
additional holes into the frame of the
scooter
to guide the virus into the electronics
compartments and then I sold the virus
to the resistance and the battery power
according to this wiring diagram and
after securing the lamps with a bit of
Loctite my scooter upgrade was pretty
much completes I decided to not increase
the speeds but for everything else I
implemented and in my opinion decent
upgrades and of course the scooter can
still drive without any problems as
always thanks for watching if you
enjoyed the video then don't forget to
Like share subscribe and hitting the
notification bell stay creative and I
will see you next time